---
title: "Sunday, August 8th 2021"
---
[[21-08-07_Sa]] | [[21-08-09_Mo]] 

**Week**: [[21-08-W33]]
**Month**: August | [[21-08_Aug]]
**Year**: [[2021]]

----
## Morning Startup

### Gratitudes
1. the zettelkasten method, for encouraging me to take analog notes.
2. walmart, for cheap groceries
3. khoi, for encouraging mak to dress. GOOOOOOD
4. mak, for loving me so much

### Accomplishments
1. figured out a way to breeze through articles efficiently

### Lessons Learned
1. lay down. focus on breathing. something will happen -- either you will fall asleep easily OR you will solve a problem that you didn't even know you wanted to solve. 

### What would make today great?
- [ ]  

----
## Pages
i had the strangest sleep last night. very restful to start off, but i solved one or two problems about obsidian (that i cannot remember). another thing that happened was that i slowly started to formulate the vault in my own mind. i could see clearly where things were located and the hierarchy. it was like i had my own personal file system in my own head -- except the information was actually kind of interesting. i went from index, to people, to plato, to idealism. i went throught the few mindsets (i want to... see things from a different lens). the power of the [memory palace](memory-palace.md). i'm actually excited for what this means for me. will it be useful? will it actually work? not sure. but when you create something and look at it for so long, you begin to embed the pathways into your own mind. i can close my eyes and access it anywhere. fast enough for conversations? i don't think so. but fast enough for me. 

someone's video said to read more books than articles. do i agree. i want to. but these articles are so, tempting. and efficient. AHHHHH

one author i'd like to write like is the school of life. it's so easy to digest, yet beautifully written. takes me on a wave of feelings. therefore, read more of these school of life books to analyze the writing style. [the-school-of-life](the-school-of-life.md)

data view for items tagged #atom

you need to always be optimizing and figuring out works for you. better to know your body than to not. 

----
%% - metadata:
	- tags: #dailies [[Timestamps]] 


	```
aliases: ["August 8th, 2021","August 8, 2021","Aug 8, 2021","Aug. 8, 2021","8/8/2021","8-8-2021","2021-08-08","8.8.2021",]
created: ["2021.08.08 7:20 AM"]
```