---
title: "Monday, August 9th 2021"
---
[[21-08-08_Su]] | [[21-08-10_Tu]] 

**Week**: [[21-08-W33]]
**Month**: August | [[21-08_Aug]]
**Year**: [[2021]]

----
## Morning Startup

### Gratitudes
- grateful for trader joes and the dinner we had last night -- and today!


### Accomplishments
- dove deeper into [first-principles-thinking](first-principles-thinking.md).
- made a decision to read more classics, to start with what stood the test of time. 


### Lessons Learned
- writing in my moleskine helps with processing information in my brain
- to sleep at night, go backwards and see what you've learned.
- you are afraid of things that cannot hurt you. 


### What would make today great?
- [ ]  

----
## Pages
I've been voraciously digesting information from books, articles, etc. these past few days. it's like there's nothing else on my mind other than learning. everyone has there hobbies, this is just mine. 

what have we learned? the most important framework: [first-principles-thinking](first-principles-thinking.md). it's taking the world at face value, and seeing what's really there, free from the mist and fog of previous experience and limiting beliefs with no visible point. everything that we think of can be filtered through the lens [¶-refraction-thinking](¶-refraction-thinking.md) of first principles thinking. as we write out each timeblock in your calendar, think. are these actions because we want to do them? or is it because someone out there, be it a mother, a father, an encouraging mentor -- had told us to? this is not to say that the actions we take aren't beneficial. rather, do we know that they are beneficial because we have come to that conclusion, or do we blindly take the faith of others? do we make a conscious choice in how we choose to spend our time?

who determines success for us? is it us? or is it the people surrounding us? 

we do not see people for who they are. we ignore homeless people all the time, not even giving them the slightest dignity a human should have. like our lives are more important than the other. this is also true in our circle of friends. people are all wearing masks. will you uncover these masks -- the actual core that you know to be lurking below the surface? why not? what are we afraid of finding? what are we afraid of revealing about ourselves?

time is short. do not waste any second of it. spend each day doing what we want, but make sure it aligns with our principle fundamentals. for me, my current goal is to produce. produce whatever i can. therefore, does it make logical sense to continue this information consumption train? no. 

i should be practicing my writing skills. pruning the digital garden. preparing it for the launch. i should be fleshing out each bud or seed into a fruitful idea. these ideas are not the end goal. the evergreen notes are. these original notes are simply that: notes. 


@ t



----
%% - metadata:
	- tags: #dailies [[Timestamps]] 


	```
aliases: ["August 9th, 2021","August 9, 2021","Aug 9, 2021","Aug. 9, 2021","8/9/2021","8-9-2021","2021-08-09","8.9.2021",]
created: ["2021.08.09 8:24 AM"]
```