---
title: "Wednesday, August 4th 2021"
---
[[21-08-03_Tu]] | [[21-08-05_Th]] 

**Week**: [[21-08-W32]]
**Month**: August | [[21-08_Aug]]
**Year**: [[2021]]

----
## Morning Startup

### Gratitudes

### Accomplishments

### Lessons Learned

### What would make today great?
- [ ]  

----
## Pages

1) Understand the brief. Who’s it for? What should it do? How should it make people feel? Summarize the project into a few keywords that capture the essence. 2) Stop thinking. Clear your mind, make space for inspiration. This is an important step to distance yourself from initial knee-jerk solutions and allow yourself to fully and freely explore your creativity. 3) Explore. Allow those keywords and emotions to guide your journey of curating inspirational references. Explore far and wide, all art forms—if you’re designing a motion project don’t narrow your search to motion projects—take inspiration from dance, photography, typography, etc. As inspiration undoubtedly strikes, jot down quick notes capturing the ideas, but don’t get sidetracked creating those concepts, yet. Consider: headphones and a playlist to help you focus in and get in the zone. 4) Organize. After gathering references, organize them into common visual themes and patterns. Pinterest is a great tool for exploring, gathering, and organizing references into boards and even subcategories within a board. 5) Solidify. Write an evocative headline and some brief sentences that describe the themes of the various collections you’ve curated and how those themes may be executed creatively to communicate key concepts. Write with clarity and simplicity, keep it short. Google Slides works well as a simple tool to capture your ideas and allows you to display motion (animated gifs) alongside still images.

----
%% - metadata:
	- tags: #dailies [[Timestamps]] 


	```
aliases: ["August 4th, 2021","August 4, 2021","Aug 4, 2021","Aug. 4, 2021","8/4/2021","8-4-2021","2021-08-04","8.4.2021",]
created: ["2021.08.04 8:03 AM"]
```