---
title: "Saturday, August 7th 2021"
---
[[21-08-06_Fr]] | [[21-08-08_Su]] 

**Week**: [[21-08-W32]]
**Month**: August | [[21-08_Aug]]
**Year**: [[2021]]

----
## Morning Startup

### Gratitudes

### Accomplishments

### Lessons Learned

### What would make today great?
- [ ]  

----
## Pages
### Morning
have to figure out a good notetaking and journalling system. part of me wants to write -- i should write when reading. but i always end up having a very detached flow of reading. 

another thing : i don't do my morning journalling nearly enough. it's funny, because i used to rely on morning pages to keep my head on. but now i think i genuinely live such a good life that i don't need to rely on it. which is insane, because who even lives a good enough life that their thoughts don't distract them all the time? no, i'm being delusional. of course i get anxiety. but life is good. better than i could have ever imagined. 

in these past few days, i was extremely stressed out about work. i haven't gymmed consistently. i've been pretty productive, started up coding. pruned up digital garden. 

digital gardening is therapeutic productivity. it's a lot like regular gardening i think, (which is good because i'm not the best at gardening) in the sense that you have to clean up a lot, prune a lot, make things look nice. it's your work to keep. the seeds are ideas, germinated from others. using those seeds, you can graft new "original" fruit. You have the added benefit of learning and expanding your knowledge -- anything you want to learn, you can. 

i know that i've been faltering on other habits that are extremely important to me. the two main ones are journalling (mental health) and gymming (physical health). this is in order to make more time fore coding and more time for digital work -- producing rather than consuming. everything is a sacrifice, but that's a lie. i can easily squeeze in 10 minutes to journal, 1 hr to gym every day. so do it. there's really no excuse to not. you'll feel much more energized and productive. not matter what, [one-percent](one-percent.md).

the digital garden is coming along nicely. everything is very meta. i want to do one or two book summarizations a day. the idea is that i don't remember much from the books anyways. if i have just 3 ideas per book, then i can remember the entirety (or what matters at least) of the concept that the books are trying to illustrate. for example, i don't remember much from atomic habits. but now i do: [hoea](hoea.md), [identity not habits](identity-not-habits.md), [fall to systems](¶-fall-to-systems.md). and for [Awaken the Giant Within](books/Σ-awaken-the-giant-within.md), it was all about decisions and NAC ([¶-decisions-determine-destiny](¶-decisions-determine-destiny.md), [rewrite pain and pleasure](neuro-associative-conditioning.md)). i realize that i don't make enough decisions. i say i do, but then i don't actually committ (driving, passive income) i am worried about rent in the future. i'll need to list out a detailed budgeting plan and find an extra 600, somewhere. if i find a job, it should be all well. i wouldn't have to worry. but also -- i don't want to work work. i want remote work, something that i don't have to sell my soul to. all about sacrifices. 
- [ ] anki-fy the book reviews for spaced repetition #todo 
what do i wish to do? write more, code more. digital garden more. more producing. there's enough consumption. i also want to see if writing notes in my journal during reading sessions will help.
self control is alright. i resist buying snacks, but also bought icecream yesterday. i realize that eating healthy is going to be very important to me in the future. i cannot afford to not have a good body. i also sit on my ass all day. ):

oh!!!!!!!!!!

another thing. installs was cancelled. manifestation somehow worked out so well. i have to express my sincere gratitude to the universe: thank you universe, for all that you do. who is the universe to me? everything #LOA

i don't ever doubt manifestation and law of attraction. things work out so well for me. and this thing isn't even something in my control. 

jenny and mom went to seattle. it was jenny's first time on a plane. i'm so grateful that they got the opportunity to go, and i want to work hard enough to provide more for the family (even though i say this, not like i'm actually doing anything. it's all just a facade ): )i hope they had a wonderful time, and i hope jenny's life was changed as a result. something about new experiences, especially for her. i want her to experience the world and more. and mom too.

three years = hawaii!!!!!!!!! all expenses paid by ME! make it happen universe. thank you! 

### Log
1. [In Praise of the Gods](https://simonsarris.substack.com/p/in-praise-of-the-gods)
2. [[smart-notes]]
3. reminder: it's always better to write your own insights than to read.
----
%% - metadata:
	- tags: #dailies [[Timestamps]] 


	```
aliases: ["August 7th, 2021","August 7, 2021","Aug 7, 2021","Aug. 7, 2021","8/7/2021","8-7-2021","2021-08-07","8.7.2021",]
created: ["2021.08.07 10:43 AM"]
```