---
title: "Tuesday, August 10th 2021"
---
[[private/Timestamps/21-08-09_Mo]] | [[21-08-11_We]] 

**Week**: [[21-08-W33]]
**Month**: August | [[21-08_Aug]]
**Year**: [[2021]]

----
## Morning Startup

### Gratitudes

### Accomplishments

### Lessons Learned

### What would make today great?
- [ ]  

----
## Pages
### how optionality and "climbing the wrong hill" can serve the same goal
1. [[optionality]]: the choice to take action. in [[antifragile]]. 
	1. there will be too many things going on in the future to accurately predit anything. therefore, position yourself to have optionality. 
	2. options: limited downside with large open-ended upside (passive income) -- everything? [[elon-musk]]
	3. to be free (free from obligations, wealth) we need to generate accelerating optionality
	4. how? "Through the Systematic Pursuit of Relatively Ambitious, Discrete Opportunities."
		1. systematic pursuit: keep trying
		2. relatively ambitious: just out of reach 
2. climbing the wrong hill: doing something just because of [[sunk-cost]]. you can pivot if you want
3. personal insight: pivot, take action. optimize for yourself.
	1. but hard work? but increasing challenge? if it matters to you. do it. don't overthink it. take more action rather than wondering if this course of action is right rather than wrong. you need to make more decisions. just keep reading plato, and keep coding, and keep refining the digital garden.

do not be an armchair philosopher. be an operator. build your judgment - clear thinking > smart thinking (but clear and smart thinking!)

getting better at avoiding certain things within my train of thought. 

      

first principles thinking relieves you of unnecessary worries

ex: sneezing while driving, a sneeze only lasts 1 sec, all u uave to do is hold the wheel

  

the prose is NOT in the note.

use full and complete sentences (i dont discount bullet points)

to write an article, build it out and tag #fruit.

  

read the article on leerning in medium in reading list. then read the book summaries


----
%% - metadata:
	- tags: #dailies [[Timestamps]] 


	```
aliases: ["August 10th, 2021","August 10, 2021","Aug 10, 2021","Aug. 10, 2021","8/10/2021","8-10-2021","2021-08-10","8.10.2021",]
created: ["2021.08.10 7:11 AM"]
```