---
title: "Wednesday, August 11th 2021"
---
[[21-08-10_Tu]] | [[21-08-12_Th]] 

**Week**: [[21-08-W33]]
**Month**: August | [[21-08_Aug]]
**Year**: [[2021]]

----
## Morning Startup

### Gratitudes

### Accomplishments

### Lessons Learned

### What would make today great?
- [ ]  

----
## Pages
ah. i'm tired. im overworked. mostly my fault. but the funny thing is, i'm not even producing any tangible work. i'm just working, with no direct output. but that's alright. i've linked my garden to my portfolio for someone to inevitably stumble upon. i've learned that although i retain more while handwriting, it's not worth the time. (explore anki, and see if that satisfies your memorization needs. but what even is the use of memorization? you have to find a way to pull in that information and stumble across it. is it better to just live with obsidian, melded to technology? will i always have to rely on technology? shouldn't i understand conceptually and fundamentally the ideas i want to understand?

it's 10:40, and i've been in my chair for a while. i just want to say, i'm truly grateful for learning. taking these extra 30 minutes to sit and work... i don't know. i just feel, extremely inspired when i see great work. and when i'm able to translate that input into my own output... it's a feeling that i chase, but seldom find. 

btw: the inspiration https://mad.ac/team. just adjusted msot of the css and design of the site. 

it looks. much better. or maybe i'm...

https://www.awwwards.com/case-study-mad-website-an-ode-to-digital-product-design.html



----
%% - metadata:
	- tags: #dailies [[Timestamps]] 


	```
aliases: ["August 11th, 2021","August 11, 2021","Aug 11, 2021","Aug. 11, 2021","8/11/2021","8-11-2021","2021-08-11","8.11.2021",]
created: ["2021.08.11 9:56 PM"]
```