## Tuesday, July 27th 2021
[[21-07-26_Mo]] | [[21-07-28_We]] 

**Week**: [[21-07-W31]]
**Month**: July | [[21-07_Jul]]
**Year**: [[2021]]

----
## Morning Startup

### [[Gratitudes]]
> I'm Grateful for... 

### [[Accomplishments]]

### [[Lessons Learned]]

### What would make today great?
*1-3 actions that if completed today will be deemed a success.*
- [ ]  

----
## Pages
I would say [[Dreamland]] by [[Glass Animals]] is my favorite song. That is locked. Also based on the surrealism dream. Should look into the lyrics. NTS: Fill out [[_Themes]] page — the good, the bad. 
I like learning, because I've realized that all my answers are out there, already experienced by someone else. I am not unique in my experiences. 

For example, I'm reading [[The Essence of Jung's Psychology and Tibetan Buddhism]]. The section talking about personality Number 1 and Number 2, that makes total sense to me. There's a side of myself that not even Maksim knows about. And I'm sure everyone has that side within themselves, but there's little need to draw it out from everyone. That's personal, that's private. I've always thought it related to my [[Moon in Gemini]] as well. Maybe this insight was destined to come to me? Not really.


As I learn more and more about unnecessary details of life like Jung and philosophy, it becomes more and more bewildering how much I do not know about certain topics, how many people know about those topics, and how much they know about these topics. Everyone's a seasoned expert with their own thoughts and opinions in the comments. How have I gone my whole life without knowing something so rudimentary to other people? 

And so a new pain is surfaced: the fact that I will never know as much as I want to know, about anything. Not even the simplest concepts. But that's okay I think. Because knowing does not necessarily mean anything in life. It's what you do with that knowledge. And I am definitely not doing anything. It's like all this knowledge is getting dumped into Number 2, with nothing tangible to show for it. 

In wellness coaching, I asked more questions. But I found myself uncomfortable diving deeper, like those answers were personal. None of my business.

Wilson's playlist is pretty good. 

As I read the Gemini Moon explanation from Stars Like You, I am. so. overwhelmed. In a very, very good way. Everything that I have ever thought is literally written out in front of me. (Reminds me of Loki and Kang the Conquerer meeting for the first time). I was looking to Gemini Moon to see if there was a pattern in the side I show to myself and the side I show to others, but instead I got answers relating to the Wellness Coaching. Things that explain my [[_Themes]] in life. 

One thought that constantly arises with conversations that I have with Maksim's mom is just the sheer awe and admiration I have for her parenting skills. The contrast between her and my mom may be very little. But enough to feel some sort of pain. I know that my mom did all that she could, and I do not expect any more from her because then, I would not be who I am today, and I like who I am today. There is so much that goes into parenting, so much that can go wrong. Do I not want to parent because I don't want things to go wrong? Parenting is an inherently flawed practice — no matter what you do, the person you will have raised will have something wrong with them. But in that sense, they can also put greatness into the world. But why do I have to rely on someone else to put that greatness out there? Why cann

----
%% - metadata:
	- tags: #dailies [[Timestamps]] 


	```
aliases: ["July 27th, 2021","July 27, 2021","Jul 27, 2021","Jul. 27, 2021","7/27/2021","7-27-2021","2021-07-27","7.27.2021",]
created: ["2021.07.27 7:48 AM"]
```