I'm obviously quite overwhelmed, yet excited about all the features and capabilities of obsidian. I thought it was a great application before i discovered all the core plugins, such as kanban, tracker, calendar, etc. 

I think I'm most excited for the day planner features. It's like a bullet journal, but with so much more power and data driven capabilities. Checking out everyone else's digital garden on the surface level, it seem's like everyone's light years ahead of me. All the benefits of Obsidian (future-proofing, full customization, community plugins, the UI) are amazing! I had this sense of excitement and joy that I could only get from discovering and unlocking a new portion of my life (like Blender, for instance). 

The Alfred plugins, the Obsidian plugins, they're all telling me that I should probably, definitely learn some form of coding so that I can create something that does exactly what I want it to do. First, there's my #dev/frontend journey. This journey was chosen in order for me to have something look exactly the way I wanted it to look. To improve upon aesthetics and form to combine design and technology together to curate a full-scale, immersive experience. After that, I'm not sure if I would want to explore #dev/backend items. I don't think I'm nearly as creative to take inputs and do something with it. I don't have a single clue what I would use software engineering for. Probably adapt and iterate (fork?) other people's community plugins to best serve my specific needs. 

For example, I think (need to stop saying I think) I would appreciate a better utilization of Pock or the TouchBar. Or find a way to integrate Ticktick and Obsidian. Is there a plugin? Nope.

### Gratitude
**1. Milo (Linking Your Thinking): **
		He reminds me of a Sam Harris. Very meditative tones, yet I can still sense the passion behind his words. That's a quality I would love to achieve. In the past, I was more outwardly and energetically passionate, with fluctuations in my tone. In these last two months (probably due to low energy, probably also due to nightly spirituality listens, probably also due to Sam Harris mimicry), I'm much more moderate in my energy. Is this true? When I'm talking to my superiors (Malak, Andrea, Dr. Jafari) I'm much more enthusiastic and loose. Should I rein it in? Who knows.
**2. Whoever created Obsidian**
		What a guy.

### [[Accomplishments]]
1. Set up Obsidian (kind of)
2. Finished a thorough Wellness Wheel for [[Wellness Coaching]]

### [[Lessons Learned]]
1. Check your calendar frequently, or else you'll doublebook yourself. (Foodable)
2. Just, get off Tiktok. You need your sleep.
3. It's important to work out for your routine. 
4. Figure out exactly how you'll incorporate #dev/frontend. What's your routine? How often will you do it?
5. You kind of, definitely enjoy "coding". In the sense that you get to be functionally creative, rather than aesthetically creative. Explore this more. See what else is out there. 

I can see myself getting extremely involved with this Obsidian work. I have to make sure that I don't burn myself out too early, and to focus on other aspects of my work as well. I can also tell that my writing has been a bit more refined with constant practice. 