      

“The unexamined life is not worth living.” -Socrates #philosophy 

or should we take life as it is, not too seriously?


using a new notetaking app simply for the linking purposes. i’ve noticed that i have similar ideas across various days, and i’d like to be able to see all those related ideas in the same place. i just have to figure out how exactly to use this new app. and if it’ll even be useful! 

◦ import dailies 

◦ import books

◦ link books

◦ import everything else lols

  

so far, i really like it. it even lists the to-dos. and the interface is nice. it’s good to see a scrolling list of what i thought day to-day

◦ figure out if it has templates for dailies

◦ figure out what else this app can do!

◦ figure out if it’s a good way to have a homescreen for my work tasks 

although i think it’s much more benefical and seamless to stay with ticktick. everytime i think of straying, i realize that it’s not necessary. off the bat, i really enjoy the experience and think it’s an absolutely gorgeous app. i’m a little worried it’s a little bloated. another thing is that it has the native handwriting features of the apple notes pencil — which was one of the main benefits of using notes. 

  

  

## [[Accomplishments]]
◦ see which words i can shortcut (yday, for ex)
**1. had first interview of JPS**
	in all honesty, i don’t know if i’ll get it because i didn’t quite reply to the email when jeremy was interviewing me. i also don’t think my graphic design work is up to standard. however, i would say that the phone interview was a blessing — i was able to communicate my thoughts and points clearly without stuttering. this is honestly a huge improvement over my last interview ah hahaha. i’m satisfied with my performance. hevr, if it was via zoom… that would be a completely different story. they also mentioned a contractor/probation period where i would work 2 days, and work at FRESH for the other 3 days. i think that’s a great idea, ngl. it would allow me to easily transition into this work while still having variety in my life. i’m confident, that’s all i’ll say. 
**2. had first session of Wellness Coaching **
	this was the main reason why i thought to switch to a new app. i was having trouble finding the notes i had prepared earlier. another thing was that i liked having the freedom to talk about whatever i wanted to on that specific day, but i wanted to see all mentioned of, let’s say, lessons learned. i’m pretty exciting to use this. main flaw would be if the iOS integration was lacking, or the webclipper. but i could find a good workaround. i don’t quite intend to switch over fully, but we will see what works well for notion and what works well for craft. i like the dashboard and the database systems, so that would have to stay. i suppose this would just replace Apple Notes?
	it was a great session! i didn't mention meditation, or mindfulness, or journalling. but i said what i needed to focus on (DL and FT). i'm also making progress on both of those, so i can't be too bad -- right? next meeting is thursday. 
	source of anxiety: she’s a little late with the wheel. i now know what it feels like to be waiting on someone with no reply… remember this feeling. and apply it to everyone you’ve let down.
**3. started front end dev course**
	 for now, it's pretty fun and fulfilling. the main driver of this is working on the FRESH website, i want to get a new, more improved version up and running before I leave and before school starts. i also want to add stuff to my portfolio that’s more.. interactive. i can host it on codepen, nbd. but the next step would be, of course, creating and designing my own website. now that. is fullscale. a new sense of purpose! onto the next (clearly without strong mastery) T shape has expanded. 

---
## [[Gratitudes]]
1. Brandon Sanderson for an amazing book
2. Jeremy for a great conversation and out of the box thinking, and Caylee for setting up the wrong Zoom interview
3. Mak’s parents, for a great hotpot session — so so good! 
 ----
## [[Lessons Learned]]
1. three meals a day is fine. you won't die if you don't eat, but there's a very thin line between disordered and ordered/moderation eating. keep track of how you feel, if that bad feeling is guilt vs. actually putting bad stuff into your body. (strong combination of both -- but it's also important to remember to be present. if it's done, it's done. it resets every second. no use to clinging onto the past)
2. along that note, don’t be too mad at mak. no one notices or feels that guilt except you. don’t take it out on him, but don’t let anger fester in you as well. just, take it for what it is. (needs more elaboration, but i really have to get to work soon)
3. practice interviewing. it’s pretty fun, and you’ve got good stories under your belt. one thing to note is — build your damn portfolio.