# 21-07-17_Sa
06:46

## Morning Startup
- [ ] Malak Tasks
	-  [ ] Business Cards
	-  [ ] Thank you Cards
		-  *Done is better than perfect, but also it's not due until August 7th.*
	- [ ] Whatever else I have to do for her
	- [ ] Get installs dress
- [ ] Set up Review
- [ ] Set up Anki (or other spaced repetition plugin)

### [[Gratitudes]]
> I'm Grateful for...
	> [[Leonardo da Vinci]], for the [[7 Principles of Leonardo da Vinci]]. 
	> For Mak: for bringing me food for lunch
	> For the 

### [[Accomplishments]]
1. Fleshed out MOC more
	1. First foray into philosophy as a education
2. Worked feverishly to finish up Janine's [[FRESH]] task on the day of
3. Had first Pro-Staff meeting
4. Felt the wonder of learning time and time again
5. Didn't over eat or oversnack
6. Didn't spend
7. Asked Pat for help with Javascript, but ended up figuring it out anyways (still don't know what I did, though)

### [[Lessons Learned]]
1. It's important to take a walk, even if you don't work out.
2. You can work into the night with a good monitor and purpose. Channel that hard work into your current passion, knowledge accumulation.
3. Stop doing dishes for other people, or else you'll keep doing them forever.
4. Do not speak until you are sure. 
5. Idea generation is important, but you must have other people's ideas first. 

### What would make today great?
*1-3 actions that if completed today will be deemed a success.*
- [ ]  Malak's business cards
- [ ]  Malak's landing pages
- [ ]  Working 4+ hours on [[Digital Garden]]
- [ ]  Going out to the bars and having a great time [^1]

----
## Pages
Waking up at 6AM has a great sort of calmness to it, if I slow down time for myself. (See [[How can I consciously slow down time and use it?]]). I notice that I've stopped overeating. This is due to both a busy work schedule, the passion I have for the garden, and due to the fact that I have not worked out in a couple of days. I'll have to work out after I finish my first meal, then I'll go ahead and keep reading in during midday. I expect my knowledge reading to be inflamed by a sense of purpose and necessity. I don't mind going out to the bars tonight.  I think the conversation that I had with my driving instructor encouraged me a lot, along with the conversation I had with [[Dr. Jafari]]. 

I really do have to get to work soon. I'll have to be cognizant of my actual work (that other people rely on me for) vs. my own pursuit of passion. I'll also have to make sure that my routines are varied enough so that I get in my focus on fitness and nutrition. Right now, I'm pretty hungry. I guess the coffee is wearing off, which means that if I don't have deadlines tomorrow, I should stop drinking coffee (drink green tea instead?) If today were a great day, I would stop writing at 10. Let's see if I can plan out my day in the day planner now. 

[^1]: hello this is a footnote test. what does it even do


- There's a certain set of hashtags that works really well with popular audio and a lot of text. however, it doesn't work as well for non-audio text so i'll have to figure out another format 
- 15 hashtags doesn't really work with carousels, so I'm going to up it back to thirty or
- There's one reel I didn't upload to Tiktok because the audio was banned (the one that has the 3k views)
- Save and invest didn't do too well on Instagram, but on Tiktok
----

I have a very, very strong desire to understand [[Andy Matuschak]]'s [[Quantum Computing]] media. This means that I'll have to learn [[Linear Algebra]], which is also a prerequisite for understanding [[Machine Learning]], [[MOC Artificial Intelligence]], higher level [[MOC Programming]]. I'm not sure of the right path to take, and I've never had this desire before Andy's [[Mnemonic Medium]]. 

[[Knowledge is Power.]]


%% - metadata:
	- tags: #dailies