## Friday, July 30th 2021
[[21-07-29_Th]] | [[21-07-31_Sa]] 

**Week**: [[21-07-W31]]
**Month**: July | [[21-07_Jul]]
**Year**: [[2021]]

----
## Morning Startup

### [[Gratitudes]]
> I'm Grateful for... 

### [[Accomplishments]]

### [[Lessons Learned]]

### What would make today great?
*1-3 actions that if completed today will be deemed a success.*
- [ ]  

----
## Pages
Put CF workflow on Trello
I'm addicted to these "ah-a!" moments. 

I'm pretty private person, but here are a few reasons (AKA [[Confirmation Bias]]) to justify "Working with the Garage door up"

Yesterday I tried pretty hard to get my Quartz site up and running. It wasn't too out of my scope, most of the workflow tutorials are just following along and trying to troubleshoot. But then I got stuck, and eventually decided that it was time to head to bed. I deleted my github repository (for fear someone out there would read my files before I had a chance to prune the private musings). 

The whole process itself had this buzz that you get when you're venturing in undiscovered territory (to you). I don't know why I get this excitement when I'm learning about coding — is it my own excitement? Or a societal excitement? I've always told myself that I'm not exactly cut out for coding. However, what I am cut out for: learning. I don't ever want to come across a barrier in my learning due to a childhood, irrational dislike of a subject. Every subject and discipline is fascinating in it's own right — I can't think of a single area where I wouldn't learn something interesting. Maybe black and white mathematics. I'd probably need more justification for that. (But you will need it for your Machine Learning arc. :) Which will take, a very long time. But life is long, so why not.) Learning for the sake of learning: a new addiction. Remember, do not forget about your outer world. 

- [ ] Explore Unity as a [programming language](https://link.medium.com/hjYYA7zCjib), after WebGL #todo
- Interestingly enough, that same article mentions [[Golang]], which I downloaded in my attempts to get my Quartz Site up and running. Has the 3rd highest median pay. 
 
 I'm glad I had the sensibility to Google "Obsidian Publish Free". The guy who created it, Jacky Zhao, is an absolute beast. Someone I'd aspire to be. I'll reach out to him today either thanking him for his project, or getting further help. 

----
%% - metadata:
	- tags: #dailies [[Timestamps]] 


	```
aliases: ["July 30th, 2021","July 30, 2021","Jul 30, 2021","Jul. 30, 2021","7/30/2021","7-30-2021","2021-07-30","7.30.2021",]
created: ["2021.07.30 6:58 AM"]
```