# Phase 1: Limiting Beliefs/First Actions

**PROGRESS:**
- someone from july 14, double texted twice
- someone I have not replied to since April 27: 18 times
	- established barriers: said I have to get back to work, and he let me go! 
- another person who i left on read on june 7th, texted me yesterday so i just decided to reply:
	- said he was surprised i replied to him this time
- someone i have not replied to after 6 double texts

The thing is, this practice of replying is just that — something I need to practice. However, all these have the further implication to hang out. That's where my second resistance comes in.


## Limiting Beliefs
**Purpose**: I'm aware that I can only get through to myself, but if I don't get external feedback I will become lost in my own idea of what is true. I can go through the motions of replying to people and hanging out with them, but if I don't truly believe in this practice then I will not have actually changed. 

**Reason for changing:** Because I believe it to be important for a good, well-balanced [[Wellness Wheel.pdf]]. Although this growth isn't coming from a direct want, "Caught in that loop there’s no real ability to evaluate a strategy that may be working for the moment but is a long-range disaster."

1. **I have "been there, done that"**
	Because I was in a sorority, I've done more than my fair share of socialization and I usually rise up in the ranks of whatever circle I'm in, both with positions and # of connections. I'm not seeking for external validation anymore because I've already gotten it.
	1. This is because when I meet people for the first time, I'm very extroverted. I love exploring people that I don't know, it's all very fun and in the moment. I would call it surface level, but I know that it's much more than what it's supposed to be for a first encounter. I find it more freeing to reach deeper topics with people that I've just met. (With close friends, it's just so much more draining because I guess it's deeper? And you can't really argue against their thoughts or question them because you'll negatively impact the relationship? Revert to [[Avoidance]]. I also don't like giving advice even if it's asked for because, what do I know?).  
	2. But then that's it — I have no motives to keep going after I'm taken out of the moment. I would say it's a facade, but I genuinely find excitement in getting to know people. I like newness and expansion.
	3. So it's a wide network, not a deep one. I'm a surface level extrovert. There's no commitment or ties of time, because in that moment, you're there anyways.
*	Counterarguments:
	*	Do you have such little trust in your friends that you don't think the practice of deepening those relationships will be much more enriching than getting to know new people?
		*	I'll get back to you on this. (Next step!)

1. **People in my current circle do not align with my beliefs and values**
	1. So my closest friends are my sorority sisters. Do I regret this? Yes, and no. 
		1. There's a culture of complaining, gossip, negativity. People do not like a lot of people. I'm very tired of interacting with that energy all the time.
*	Counterarguments:
	*	This is simply a way of life. [[Sapiens]] tells us that civilization came around as a result of gossip. 
	*	I have the choice to steer people towards topics that I want. But I don't think that would make me a good friend. I already do that. 
	*	> but then I'm not actually there for people! They want to feel heard. 
	*	For some reason, it's my belief that getting closer to someone, reaching a deeper level of connection entails hearing about their troubles and worries. 
		*	For me, I don't want to project my worries onto people because what kind of energy does that bring? I know exactly how draining listening to someone's worries is, and it would be hypocritical of me to want to do the same to people. (I think I'm trying to save face here and preserve my reputation).
		*	And for others, that's precisely why I don't want to connect with my friends because it's always juicy juicy gossip. Always about people who aren't there, never about thoughts, beliefs, or introspection. 
			*	Sometimes I do question people's introspection. I actually like hearing that, even if it's preceded by gossip. I like understanding other people's thought processes. 
*	**The activities needed for social interaction (at this stage in life) do not align with my values**
		I don't believe this anymore. I've gotten to the root of this since I went clubbing for a friend's birthday last weekend. (See: [[Se|Extroverted Sensing]])
1. **Time commitments**
	Daytime: Have to work
	Nighttime: Need to sleep
	I have set routines and systems that are set up to bring me joy and progress me further
	Counterarguments: I've also reframed this already, see above. 
2. **Financial/Activities:**
	Go out to eat (money, nutrition)
	Counterargument
	1. Everything comes at a price. Not something I can control, not important enough to find a solution to this.
		
		
		
		
3. **Projection - Reflection**
	I grew up independent and pretty self-reliant because of the way I was raised.
	I avoid maintaining relationships in order to detach myself from the past me, people serve as reminders of the past.
	1. If I am always "on the pursuit of self-mastery or growth", then the old version of myself does not serve me anymore, and I don't see the point in constantly interacting with my past. 
	2. Pattern: I close chapters a lot (middle school, high school, repeating the pattern with college). It's like I'm running away from an old version of myself and if I hold on to these relationships, then it tethers me. It's like I believe that people cannot change and grow, even though I know it to be true. **But why do people have to change and grow for my own self-satisfaction?** I know why (it's because of repeat experiences that have framed my perception), but I don't think it's a correct way of thinking, so I won't elaborate or actualize my thought processes.
	3. People remind me of the previous versions of me, one that I always shut out. I don't believe in "catching up" and talking about my improvements or sharing good news, because that's for myself, not for anyone else necessarily. 
	4. And so what do we talk about when we catch up? Them. And what does that do to me? Drains me. Why does it drain me? Because I come into each conversation expecting not much from people. There's this mental blocker that prevents me from being fully engaged in passing small talk. 
	5. So why don't I just lead the conversation? It's because I don't have enough self-confidence to do so. Why don't I? Because I don't practice it and make it a habit. 
	6. Try to draw out people's minds in conversations. This means active listening, constant practice, and questioning others about their thoughts on a non-surface level. Remember that you can learn from everyone. 
4. I think I'm also attempting to protect my reputation.
	1. When you reach deeper levels of conversation, there's much more at stake.

**TDLR: I'm over-explaining. [[Introversion]]. I just need to ask better questions. **

### ACTION STEPS: 
1. reply to the three. 
	1. if they continue the conversation, you have 2 days to reply.
2. Have one conversation that you find intellectually stimulating
	1. this means channeling your curiosity, to approach it as a learning experience/challenge. 

### END GOALS
1. Have one social outing every week.
2. Reply to people within 2 days. 



Agenda mapping:
1. Goals, and mini-steps.


Brief Action Planning


See Also: [[The Cost of Specialization]]
-   Take the time to focus less on achievement and more on connection. Try and recognize that though people may sometimes seem like roadblocks to your goals, cutting off those connections is not going to help you in the long run. People often get jobs or other opportunities through the connections they have made with other people. I once had someone say to me, “Human connection is the most important thing we’ll do in this life.” That hit home. If you focus on connection, you will likely achieve more without having to put in any additional effort.
