# 21-07-18_Su
09:46

## Morning Startup
- [ ] Explore more awwwards
- [ ] Figure out where to put things like that  ^

### [[Gratitudes]]
> I'm Grateful for... 
> The Club, for giving us so. much. free weed. For providing seating. For being overall a great time.
> Mak, for the EMC food. It was quite delicious.
> Clif Bar. 
> Everyone's website that I visited. 


### [[Accomplishments]]
> Didn't panic over Malak's meeting

### [[Lessons Learned]]
> Don't be too critical of things. You'll find out that thing you labeled as bad, could've been actually good. And the thing you label as good, could actually be bad. 
> You need another way of taking notes without taking notes. How do you capture ideas without copying it verbatim? I guess you relate it with your own experiences. You were about to argue that you wanted to nitpick and dive into every little thing. Don't do that. What you will remember is good enough to explore. Anything that isn't memorable, isn't worth exploring. 

### What would make today great?
*1-3 actions that if completed today will be deemed a success.*
- [ ]  Completing another module on the HTML course
- [ ]  Not overeating
- [ ]  Adding one more section to philosophy 

----
## Pages
Yesterday was fun, for a few reasons. One being the exploration into [[WebGL]] and [[Creative Code]]. If there was any type of programming that I was looking for, that was it. At the crossroads of [[MOC 3D Design]] and the idea of immersive experience. I can tell it would be extremely hard to learn — I would have to start with the fundamentals, even apply some [[Linear Algebra]]. 
Upon further exploration, perhaps not. I think it's easier to do HTML, then CSS, refresh JavaScript, Fundamentals of WebGL, then explore Three.js. That's all I'll focus on for now (now being the next six months). My T-Shape is stretching. 

But going back on the experiences that I had with that website (you can see all the thoughts I had here: [[WebGL]]). Perhaps it was because of the monitor, but I felt the same sense of wonder as getting high and being in the real world, except.. more? I'm trying to separate the key elements of that experience. 
	First, it was referenced against a traditional browsing experience. If I had played more video games [[Game Design]], then I would be more desensitized to the experience. 
	Second, I appreciate experiences that take me beyond my reality. The way these developers chose to represent their ideas.
	Third, the use of the monitor. Larger screens, the more in my field of vision. 
	Fourth, the idea that some *person* created this whole experience to be played or viewed on the web browser. To compare, the FRESH website is extremely bloated, yet these sites loaded up instantaneously. 
Top experiences include Aquarium (surrealism, music, similarity to club experience), the Handshake (first foray into using cameras — like a Wii game), the Virtual Gallery (the arts, and potential usefulness for future [[Art]] exploration). Versions I enjoy are ones that scroll and take you on a roller coaster spatial experience. I would love to create something like that in Blender, or Three.js, or something and put it on my portfolio. Next, I'll explore generative art, though I suspect there's a lot more math involved with that. 
For a long time I've been wanting to turn my designs and creations (what little I have) into *more*. I knew that it was possible, but revisiting all these sites ignited a more desperate call to programming. I see it as the next logical step, even if it seems arduous. I give myself 6 months, and I give myself 1 month to produce a JS project. Keep working at your Udemy course. Don't give up, and remember that establishing a good foundation is crucial. 

The education that I have pursued after I graduated is something that I would have never envisioned, at least not to this extent. I'm so externally grateful for all the knowledge I've accumulated thus far, and most importantly the ideas (what little I have so far) that have come out of this experience. My ideas are crude, unrefined, with little direction. But by putting my own thoughts out there in parallel with this knowledge accumulation is more than I could have ever asked for. I see minor improvements (.5%) in my [[Critical Thinking]] and [[MOC Communication]], but I'm more confident than ever that if I keep up this exploration and reflection, something better will come out of me. The dots are connecting. There is so much knowledge in this world that I can grasp, like gathering up power or magic. 

There are a few concepts I liken the [[Cannabis]] experience to. One personal parallel I drew was with Sazed [[Mistborn]]. In the magic system, they have the ability to store reserves (strength, youthfulness, memories). To me, that's similar to the idea of [[Fasting]]. Fasting not just in the food sense, but with desires and experiences as well. For example, if you subject yourself to plain food, you store up reserves of pleasure. The first bite you take of a great meal is a million times greater than if you had been exposed to it frequently before, desensitized. This is also similar to the experience I had at the club. 

So I guess [[Fasting is a spiritual practice]]. Explore that idea. 

When I smoke, there are certain moments I make sure to capture in my mind. These are vivid memories (yet they are fleeting, and the experiences I had yesterday are leaving my grasp already — like mist). At 12:17 (I made sure to check my phone to mark the time) I had entered in the perfect experience. The music was good, but there was something else. It was like time slowed down. I had entered [[Higher Self]], although now I think my higher self is the self that is accessed when I write. (I get the writing flow experience now described by authors in [[Creativity: Flow and the Psychology of Discovery and Invention]]. The ghost that calls you to the idea, and your duty to simply capture it. This is similar to designing, yet much more complex at the same time because of the ideas that you are drawing from yourself and putting forth.) To compare it against something that is much more visible, it's simply like well executed, cinematic party movie scene. 

In terms of the ambiance, I suppose there could've been more people. But then I would have been sweaty, like the others who bumped up against me. I don't think that would've been enjoyable, I think this experience was exactly what I needed (but what exactly is that?). I enjoyed their seating arrangement outside as well, it felt more high class, the privilege of sitting. What a concept, after the lecture on [[Idealism]] I took yesterday discussing the Formation of a chair. 

Best thing to come out of it, that made it worth it right out of the jump was the free weed. That is it. To openly and freely smoke weed provided by the club, for the club — that was the perfect experience to me. 

Another element (that I'm not sure others enjoyed) was the mini-concert. I could tell the song was passionate, and had a deeper meaning for the people who knew it. I just didn't know it, but I felt their passion. Others were more cynical, but that's alright. I can be cynical as well. But it's best to enjoy and be grateful for the good in life. I now know that experiences are best enjoyed alone. Just me and the experience. But the experience is made up of people? People that are background noise. But could they be more? Could they have elevated my experience?

All in all, my first clubbing experience in a while was marked positive due to the weed. That's a topic I have to probably explore more on later. 

Which was better? The time I spent exploring and being fascinated by the [[[[WebGL]] websites? Or those critical peak memories at the club? Probably the website exploration, because I got to experience it alone and it was an experience that I've never had before. What if I combined the two? Weed and videogames? I suspect that I would have a wonderful time. But to dive back into smoking?

Another related experience to [[Mistborn]] — smoking is Tineye powers. 




----
%% - metadata:
	- tags: #dailies #programming 