[[21-07-25_Su]] | [[21-07-27_Tu]] 

**Week**: [[21-07-W31]]
**Month**: July | [[21-07_Jul]]
**Year**: [[2021]]

----
## Morning Startup

### [[Gratitudes]]
1. I'm grateful for coffee. 
2. For the gym, for making it really easy to work on my glutes.
3. Whoever came up with the storyline for Loki. Great story, more on that later. 


### [[Accomplishments]]
1. Didn't drink coffee. 
2. Set up Foodable work early, looked into Confluence.

### [[Lessons Learned]]
1. Need to start focusing long range again. Implement goal review system. 

### What would make today great?
*1-3 actions that if completed today will be deemed a success.*
- [ ]  Sticking to my schedule
- [ ] Completing all my admin tasks

----
## Pages
There's a lot for me to do this week. But honestly, the load is bearable, much more so than during the academic year. This morning I caught myself overthinking a lot. It was a whole battle in the bathroom trying to separate myself from my thoughts, and be in the present moment. But it's good I recognize these loops anyways. This week (I should really do a weekly review, maybe later when the coffee wears off.) I do have to start transitioning into longrange thinking, just because August is approaching, and I've put off both driving and job seeking to the side — the two things I said I would focus on. 

But in place, I've done a lot of reading, a lot of thinking. A lot of philosophizing. A lot of work. A lot of self-knowledge. I would say "if only I had the time to do everything" but I know that's a lie, I do. "If only I had the energy to do everything". But that's a lie as well. "If only I had the discipline to do everything". 

I've discovered the core of my weed and sensory pleasure addiction — it's due to [[Se]]. I've also realized why I start so many things only to have them fall through. Most of it's due to my natal chart. If someone other than me is reading this and is in disbelief that I would refer to astrology for my own sins, I apologize. But I won't justify myself. I've also discovered that I lose the need to eat if I (of course, am fueled by coffee), but also if I stay busy and enter flow state. 

In terms of August, I should plan that soon. I'll plan it out tomorrow. There's a lot of neglect. I plan to go home after installs, for a while. I should be getting my job as well. But I can't very well get that job until I get a license. It's like my tunnel vision is catching up to me. But that's okay. I'm okay with it, because in some way, I know that everything will work out in the way that it's intended. Counterargument: I don't learn from my mistakes. 

This week, I have to do a lot of prep for installs and getting back out there. I have the boat party on the weekend, which just requires a good outfit and a positive mindset. 

I have to get aligned with everything for installs. My dress, Buy trins blanket, duffel, towel, letters AGAIN. This means hitting up Alpha Greek. Buy her a bin full of stuff. Not sure what she would want, other than big ticket items. I should carefully think about how to do this. Because again, I'm lacking in care for people. 

I have to prepare for onboarding Philip. My own little team.

I also discovered the true meaning of my Sun in Fourth House. I questioned it a lot, because I didn't feel like a "home, family" person. But then I realized, I am. My own individual home. One distinct thought I have is that I would rather spend money on material items rather than experiences because experiences are fleeting. They are contingent on being better than your every day. Although it is in your memory, you cannot live through these experiences. By investing into your home and making it the best possible experience for yourself, you are 1. reducing friction and improving efficiency, and 2. living in your own curated experience everyday. The [[Here and Now]] is able to be accessed in an effortless manner. You find simplicity and ritual in your daily actions. By doing so, you will never desire something that isn't there in the present moment. #on/home




----
%% - metadata:
	- tags: #dailies [[Timestamps]] 


	```
aliases: ["July 26th, 2021","July 26, 2021","Jul 26, 2021","Jul. 26, 2021","7/26/2021","7-26-2021","2021-07-26","7.26.2021",]
created: ["2021.07.26 8:30 AM"]
```