## Thursday, July 29th 2021
[[21-07-28_We]] | [[21-07-30_Fr]] 

**Week**: [[21-07-W31]]
**Month**: July | [[21-07_Jul]]
**Year**: [[2021]]

----
## Morning Startup

### [[Gratitudes]]
> Oatmeal
> Angelou
> Maggie Appleton
> Foodable

### [[Accomplishments]]
> Did a good writing session yesterday.
> Unpacked, did laundry, cleaned the kitchen yesterday.

### [[Lessons Learned]]
also should be called principles.
1. You do good work knowledge synthesizing at night. 
2. You must make sure that you are not neglecting your outer duties for your inner world.
3. A high comes from writing and synthesis. Keep doing it. You will not feel fulfilled without creation. 

### What would make today great?
*1-3 actions that if completed today will be deemed a success.*
- [ ]  

----
## Pages

"The self is a product of our random cultural conditioning": describing [[Carl Jung]]'s idea of the [[Persona]]. Or is the persona a deliberate choice? Do we even have free will?

> As the master receives the man, he quietly begins to fill an empty cup with tea. He does this until the liquid reaches the brim but doesn’t stop. He doesn’t at all pay attention to the guest. He pours and pours and pours. Confused, the professor watches this for a while, until he can no longer restrain himself, blurting: “It’s overfull. No more will go in!”

> “Like this cup, you are full of your own opinions and speculations,” the master says. “How can I show you the way unless you first empty your cup?” #koan

The idea: Empty yourself of your limiting beliefs, stories, and narratives. then you can fill yourself with other people's limiting beliefs and narratives, and eventually lose your own principles. 

What kind of information am I seeking out? The ideas that I appreciate the most deal with scientific frameworks. Not actually  scientific, I now realize. Just information with convincing enough logic and reason. I suppose another skill I should learn is how to reason and argue. If I were to start up my own evergreen forest, then the purpose of writing these short form narratives is to convince the reader that I am speaking on something worthwhile, to have them see my way of thinking. 

Although I ended up disagreeing with a lot of whoever wrote the 30 Fundamentals, I do agree with the practice of providing, upfront, a brief layout of your own narratives. 

For example, I'm predisposed to lean towards non-reality.
It's also very easy to convince me of your stance. 

IV. Purpose and Meaning ([[Zat Rana]])
heuristics are the stories, the stories are the [[Archetypes]]

I like the idea of scrollytelling [[Maggie Appleton]]. I'd probably incorporate that into my works. 
https://medium.com/nightingale/from-storytelling-to-scrollytelling-a-short-introduction-and-beyond-fbda32066964

---
[[Joan Didion]], [[John McPhee]], [[Barbara Kingsolver]], [[Ernest Hemingway]]: New Yorker Essayists.
A technique for writing: copy out work, use it as templates

'_Only the very young and the very old may recount their dreams at breakfast, dwell upon self, interrupt with memories of beach picnics and favorite Liberty lawn dresses and the rainbow trout in a creek near Colorado Springs_,'

---
Combinational [[Creativity - Flow]], Idea Sex, Idea synthesis -- all referring to the myth of Originality.
https://nesslabs.com/combinational-creativity

--
My tasks that I have to perform in order to stay connected with the outside world: calling mak, checking my Google Calendar, my Ticktick. If I don't do so, I will feel guilt. And that eventually leads to a bad day. So just complete work as needed. 

I'm looking towards improving my writing skills in preparation for public cultivation of my Digital Garden. Although I'm exploring more dense topics, with inaccessible vocabulary, I have to make sure that my own writings are simple, vivid, and memorable enough. That's all I wish to do in my writing: simplicity, vividness (with a hint of surrealism and questioning), and memorability. 

Flaws in my writing: not enough storytelling. Incredibly self-centered [[Navel-gazing]]. Lacking objectiveness. 

My first question: Who writes the way I would like to write?

Since my topics deal with non-fiction and abstraction, I'll have to look towards philosophic articles. Along that same line, I'd like to weave in stories. 

Abstract stories? You'll need a good grasp of metaphors and visualization. Or perhaps, go straight to the visualization.

This is also dependent on the medium by which I lay out my thoughts. If I go with the #scrollytelling method, then my words must be much more succinct.

There's too much speculation in my tone as well (and the word I -- as a practice, please stop using the word I for the remainder of this passage). Frequent filler words: I (oops) think, probably, I speculate, I'll have to, I'm looking toward, I will feel guilt (as opposed to guilt will eat away at me).

[[Ernest Hemingway]]'s four rules for writing details one key principle that resonated with me: A short paragraph at the beginning captures the attention of your reader. Start off too strong, and the attention is lost in an instant. 

The other rules are as follows:
1. Use short sentences.
2. Use vigorous English.
3. Be positive, not negative.
#on/writing


As for who I'd like to [[Echo and Narcissus|Echo]], I'm not quite sure yet. I'll explore this today.

---
[Writing as a thinking tool](https://nesslabs.com/writing-thinking-tool):
- Make short notes of everything you read. This will help your [[Information Addiction]]. Become more deliberate with your consumption, even if it's words rather than media. 
- [[Feynman Technique]]: Write to understand, to teach. Do not copy verbatim. If you mimic you're not actually generating value, you're consuming. 
- [[Generation Effect]]: Writing in your own words activates more neurons (lols im just making this up) than simply copying. You'll remember more of everything if you write. 
- [[Combinational Creativity]]: New angles and new ideas come from combining and synthesizing what you read. This is value. 

---
Storytelling (Charity: Water) #on/writing 
- [ ] on thought leadership storytelling: https://medium.com/the-mission/the-best-thought-leadership-ive-ever-seen-2331ae07783b #todo
1. End with a lesson, what we can learn or take away about the broader humanity or life. A promised land.

---
- [[Force Multiplier]]
- [[The Game of Life]]
- [[Scenius]]
- [[Work with the garage door up]]

---
“When a creative artist is fatigued, it is often from too much inflow, not too much outflow.” — [[Julia Cameron]]
----
%% - metadata:
	- tags: #dailies [[Timestamps]] 


	```
aliases: ["July 29th, 2021","July 29, 2021","Jul 29, 2021","Jul. 29, 2021","7/29/2021","7-29-2021","2021-07-29","7.29.2021",]
created: ["2021.07.29 8:29 AM"]
```