## Thursday, July 22nd 2021
[[21-07-21_We]] | [[21-07-23_Fr]] 

**Week**: [[21-07-W30]]
**Month**: July | [[21-07_Jul]]
**Year**: [[2021]]

----
## Morning Startup

### [[Gratitudes]]
> My self-work in Wellness Coaching
> Dr. Jafari, for complimenting me on my self-knowledge
> Wilson, for reintroducing me to Glass Animals

### [[Accomplishments]]
1. Finished Malak's carousel the night before, instead of procrastinating
2. Didn't smoke, even though I was a little tempted.

### [[Lessons Learned]]
1. Exploring my [[Limiting beliefs]] is pretty fun.
2. If you learn how to code, you can automate any process. The joys of efficiency! 
3. Your cognitive functions (and to an extent, your astrological chart) kind of explain a lot. But keep in mind, these both can be very general. 

### What would make today great?
*1-3 actions that if completed today will be deemed a success.*
- [ ]  Getting the CF Marketing Strategy done #todo

----
## Pages
I always neglect these dailies because I get too out of my flow, and end up taking notes and learning before I get a chance to internally reflect. It's important to realize that these dailies are for you. You don't need to write a lot. Just enough to lock it in as a habit and routine, to ground yourself in reality. [[Mastery]] and Dr. Jafari talked about the same thing. In Mastery, this phase of my life is my [[Apprenticeship]]. In [[Wellness Coaching]], Jafari said that since I've graduated, I've escaped peer pressure. I am free to be who I am. I don't necessarily have to do other things just because I see other people do so. 

----
%% - metadata:
	- tags: #dailies [[Timestamps]] 


	```
aliases: ["July 22nd, 2021","July 22, 2021","Jul 22, 2021","Jul. 22, 2021","7/22/2021","7-22-2021","2021-07-22","7.22.2021",]
created: ["2021.07.22 7:14 AM"]
```