---
[[2021-07-16]]
tags: #driving #wellnesscoaching
---
# 21-07-16_Fr

## Tasks
- [ ] review LYT Kit - Three Phases of MOC
- [x] at pro-staff meeting - ask if Alive has been tested for accessibility
- [ ] figure out migration tasks plug-in
- [ ] prepare deliverables for malak 
- [ ] find dress for installs
- [ ] figure out task management system for obsidian/or stick with regular
- [x] upload vaccine to UCI

## Morning Startup

### [[Gratitudes]]
> I'm Grateful for... 
> 1. Tyler, for making my first driving lesson experience in a while, effortless and memorable. For allowing me to practice conversations, and for making me realize that I enjoy getting to know people I do not know rather than than people I do know.
> 2. Dr. Jafari, for instilling good qualities in me that I did not recognize, such as empathy, intelligence, self-validation. 
> 3. Mak, for this amazing monitor that has made me productive and outwardly "cool".
> 4. The couple that came up with the concept of Obsidian. Maggie Appleton. Milo.
> 5. The person that came up with the... is it code? script? What's the word? for Dark Reader. In the past I preferred light mode (alluding to Apple's pristine stores? Heaven? Due to the light mode that's on our social media platforms like Facebook and Instagram?) but with a large monitor, I've noticed that my eyes lose their "whiteness". Don't forget to blink. 

### [[Accomplishments]]
1. **First [[Driving]] Lesson: All in all, went pretty smoothly.**
		Errors/Things to Focus on: 
			1. Turning into the bike lane: Go forward more when turning 
			2. Too slow on left turns: Slow down just a little, not too much. However, keep accuracy in your turns by making a wider berth. 
			3. Hitting the white lines (turning, bike lanes): practice awareness and anticipate earlier when making turns
			4. Maintaining speed limit: Be hyper aware of the speed limit signs (study them religiously).
			Think those were the main things I should focus on in improving my driving. Knowing when to stop turning my head to merge as well. Practice at Laguna Hills (easier, but harder instructors), or San Clemente (harder, but more lenient instructors). Estimated time of lesson: End of August, still? Driving instructor said high school students usually take three lessons. Make sure to work on these flaws to noticeable improving and get the minor details down "pat".
			*Action: Look over the pamphlet given. Figure out a time to practice with Mak (in Irvine, probably)*
2. **[[Wellness Coaching]]: Went over wellness wheel. **
	There was a good amount of external validation and praise on my wheel and my self-awareness. I can tell that there's not much she can do without me making the first move, however. Action plans have to be set in place and motion by me. This is great and all, but I'm curious to see if she has any say in my [[Social Wellness]]. I find myself thinking through the topics we went over, thinking through what I believe in and trying to come up with counterarguments. 100% of the time, I understand the counterargument — it's just a matter of hearing it from someone else, I think. Which kind of goes against my self-validation quality, but if it's not working, then try something else. 
	*Action: work on translating your limiting beliefs floating around in your head onto the file.*
3. **Ate for fuel, not pleasure**
	This was an interesting development. I didn't quite eat the things that gave me pleasure, and I didn't eat after my driving lesson either. I didn't snack. I suspect a number of things contributed to this change:
		1. Coffee — suppressed my appetite, kept me focused on producing work.
		2. Deadlines — in the Marketing Roadmap for [[Foodable]]
		3. Didn't Workout — Although I did take a walk, I didn't work out. Not too sure about this contribution. Don't want to not work out, would rather workout and improve my body rather than staying stagnant for aesthetics. Can't be too good for my health.
		4. Two hour block of driving — Focusing on something else. Stayed busy.
		5. No food — I essentially ate mush today. In all honesty, both the oatmeal and tuna and rice were great. I had very little complaints. They were actually great sources of fuel, and probably healthy (although not too sure about the rice, but it's okay).
	There are certain problems with yesterday's "feeding" schedule, however. I don't think I got in any vegetables (although tuna is a great source of protein). In addition, I don't want to work out. I also don't want to rely on coffee as a dietary suppression tactic. However, I *was* extremely productive. So a new question arises: productivity and output over general self-care? I probably could've worked into the night yesterday as well (coming back from the lesson). What stopped me was the obvious fact that I should not work until 10 in order to: 
		1. get a good amount of sleep 
		2. stay away from screens 
		3. get in my reading. 
	However, would I really have done so? If I work until 9pm, I can get into bed by 9:30, and still read for an hour, and be tired enough to go to sleep, I think. 10:30 is about the time I go to bed with or without night work session regardless.
	*Try working until 9pm today.*
	

### [[Lessons Learned]]
1. If you don't work out, if you drink coffee, if you have a busy schedule, you focus less on food. Working out is important, however. Perhaps take more walks instead of rigorous activity? But... progress. Just try to have a busy schedule. Coffee is alright, provided you reset every month. 
2. You're thinking a little more because of Obsidian and because of your Wellness Coaching. Think when you should (when you're outputting), but when you're completing mundane tasks, there's no need to pull yourself away from the present moment.
3. Taking a 1 mile walk in the middle of the rejuvenates you without tiring you out. 

### What would make today great?
*1-3 actions that if completed today will be deemed a success.*
- [ ]  Finish all the tasks needed for FRESH (Alive chat code - but ask for accessibility)
- [ ]  Calling up Alpha Greek
- [ ]  Getting started on the [[MOC Philosophy]] section tonight — I'm pretty excited to distill at least one piece of information. Shall we start with the first thinker in [[Great Thinkers]]? 

----
## Pages
22:33
I notice that [[Andy Matuschak]]'s notes are simply short declarations of opinion. When I was writing my [[Although we don't all see the same colors, our perceptions of the wavelengths are tied to universal emotional responses.]], it was too wordy (perhaps representing two concepts), and was directly paraphrased from the article I read it from. It was a method of capturing information for the sake of learning, not synthesizing new information. But the thing is, can I really be opinionated about science? On top of that, that idea was used in relation to a broader question of [[What is there?]]. 
*Side note: This practice of meta-reflecting is useful in improving my cognitive writing skills.*


---
tags | #driving #wellnesscoaching
