 ## Wednesday, July 28th 2021
[[21-07-27_Tu]] | [[21-07-29_Th]] 

**Week**: [[21-07-W31]]
**Month**: July | [[21-07_Jul]]
**Year**: [[2021]]

----
## Morning Startup

### [[Gratitudes]]
> I'm Grateful for... 

### [[Accomplishments]]

### [[Lessons Learned]]

### What would make today great?
*1-3 actions that if completed today will be deemed a success.*
- [ ]  Ordering trin's stuff
- [ ] 

----
## Pages
Was life a mistake? If so, can we do something beyond life itself? Or are we tied to the reality and laws of the universe?

> Biological systems somehow manage to violate the fluctuation theorem, which generalizes the second law of thermodynamics.” In other words, our very existence is a fight against the heat death of the Universe. — [[Zat Rana]], [[Karl Friston]]
> humans, in particular, have learned to harness energy outside of their bodies to create order in the external world (See:[[Sapiens]]).

The article by [[Zat Rana]] refers to [[First Principles Thinking]] on the purpose of [[Life]]. He concludes that the purpose is to use energy to produce more than you consume, or as I told MA yesterday: [[Create more value than you capture]]. This involves the synthesis of ideas, all the thoughts, experiences, media, etc. that you have consumed over a lifetime. There are two opposing thoughts (wait, what's the second thought?): "Nothing is lost, nothing is created, everything is transformed.” — [[Antoine Lavoiser]]. As a mentor figure of sorts, this concept is something that I've preached more than a few times. All great ideas in design are stolen, per [[Austin Kleon]]'s [[Steal Like an Artist]] strategy. Always seek inspiration. 

This idea is also evident once if you pursue the path of self-knowledge: everything that I have every thought of, every problem that I have every encountered, every question that has ever crossed my mind, either subconsciously or consciously, has been neatly documented in a forum or obscure blog. You are not unique in any of your experiences.

It might be a gloomy premise to realize that there's nothing you have done that hasn't already been done before. But there are two main gifts that come:

1. In Jungian psychology, there is the idea of the [[Collective Unconscious]]. 
	1. Conservation of Energy [[Robert Mayer]], on magic, soul's immortality, etc.; preservation or transmutation of energy
	2. God within us
2. Find solace in all our worries, you are never alone, you are humanity. 

2. You can find (almost) all the answers. You just have to search for it. (something about the internet and documentation
https://www.verywellmind.com/what-is-the-collective-unconscious-2671571

> We might win, we might lose, we might perish, but the attempt itself is what helps us transcend our temporary condition. — [[Zat Rana]]

I'm not sure when I started enjoying the process of connection and idea synthesis. These are most often my "Aha!" moments — answers to problems rattling in my mind. These moments are much more satisfying than [[Design Thinking]]. This is in part due to my [[Ni]] vs. [[Ne]], which   "Receives insight from “out of the blue” (a.k.a. A-Ha! moments) because it can tap into the subconscious mind." — [Bold Introvert](https://boldintrovert.com/blog/introverted-intuition-versus-extroverted-intuition)

Note: Even so, I read the [[Ne]] explanation and find myself in those thought processes as well. 

One day, I'll start working in public. Make use of all these ideas, avoid [[Inert Ideas]].


Any sufficiently advanced technology will be indistinguishable from divinity. — Arthur C. Clark

Why wouldn't I be able to learn [[Machine Learning]]?


----
%% - metadata:
	- tags: #dailies [[Timestamps]] 


	```
aliases: ["July 28th, 2021","July 28, 2021","Jul 28, 2021","Jul. 28, 2021","7/28/2021","7-28-2021","2021-07-28","7.28.2021",]
created: ["2021.07.28 8:42 AM"]
```